Doctor's Eye is Piggy Tonight
Does the stepfather speak?
How is the stepfather?
Handsome or not, is it good for you?
Hey, don't talk nonsense without you
Come and have a good night kiss and go to sleep
Mommy, good night.
Did you do it on purpose?
By my little baby knowing that I won't go home at night
Still with a man
What would he think?
Miss Ning's level of naming
That's unflattering.
Nicknames are really tempting
He's my little baby
Why can't you call yet?
Why are you, Miss Ning?
Sleeping in a strange man's house
Do you know what that means?
Pedal two boats
Do you think this is okay?
Baby is baby
Object is object
Does it matter?
Miss Ning is playing the truth